Thready concurrency,
implement an all op O(1) set, can't remember the others.
How to reverse a long string
Reverse a linked list.
LCA and version of inorder tree traversal
calculate the count the palindrome just like the problem on hackrank
Happy number, how to check if a given number is happy number and prove your solution
Sort an array of Strings in lexicographic order.
variant of 3-sum,
Easy ques on variant of quicksort partition
Skyline problem
Write a program to draw a circle/round using pixel bits. (given a function to turn on an individual pixel).  )

Given an multi-threaded implementation of a stack, find the bugs in the code and complete the code for the pop operation.
Giving a multi-thread stack java program, ask you to mark when should use lock or unlock and also ask you to throw a runtime exception when some one want to pop an element from the stack but the stack is empty.
,memory leaks
deadlock and memory corruption
Layout of a C++ class with inheritance (multiple inheritence). Design an event handler. event handler
How to implement mutex using spinlocks and flags.
Locking and Synchronization between threads


 synchronisation. give your a system. You need to use lock to keep consistency and avoid deadlock.
 and test some knowledge about thread and locks
concurrent programming, critical sections, and reentrancy
Given data structure design of a large storage system, choose the best ones?

Given implementation of a concurrent container, choose the issues the code has?
And also indepth knowledge of how things work at the computer memory level.
Ex : virtual functions implemented in memory, arrays or linked list implementation of Stack, which is better with respect to memory. when would you use what.
The first question is asking about memory layout of multi-inheritance virtual functions. what if we do not use virtual pointer when compile inheritance class. What if we swap the datamembers in base class and sub-classes.
Virtual functions and memory layout for a given class. design a feasible memory layout to implement the C++ virtual function
How is a object with virtual function stored in the memory


grammar implementation
Create a model that allows you to determine when a product will fail based on historical data- minheap based on data that tells you
what gives profit and what not.
 Why purestorage
